1.Which of the following AWS authentication mechanisms supports an AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (AWS MFA) device that you can plug into a USB port on your computer?

A.U2F security key: 

Universal 2nd Factor (U2F) Security Key is a device that you can plug into a USB port on your computer. U2F is an open authentication standard hosted by the FIDO Alliance. When you enable a U2F security key, you sign in by entering your credentials and then tapping the device instead of manually entering a code.

2.Which of the following AWS services can be used to forecast your AWS account usage and costs?

A.AWS Cost Explorer 

It includes a default report that helps you visualize the costs and usage associated with your top five cost-accruing AWS services, and gives you a detailed breakdown of all services in the table view.

3.Which of the following AWS entities lists all users in your account and the status of their various account aspects such as passwords, access keys, and MFA devices?

A.Credentials Report

You can generate and download a credentials report that lists all users in your account and the status of their various credentials, including passwords, access keys, and MFA devices. You can use the credentials report to assist in your auditing and compliance efforts. 

4.Which AWS service will you use to provision the same AWS infrastructure across multiple AWS accounts and regions?

A.AWS CloudFormation

AWS CloudFormation allows you to use programming languages or a simple text file to model and provision, in an automated and secure manner, all the resources needed for your applications across all Regions and accounts.

5.The DevOps team at an IT company wants to centrally manage its servers on AWS Cloud as well as on-premise data center so that it can collect software inventory, run commands, configure and patch servers at scale. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you recommend for this use-case?

A.AWS Systems Manager

AWS Systems Manager gives you visibility and control of your infrastructure on AWS. Systems Manager provides a unified user interface so you can view operational data from multiple AWS services and allows you to automate operational tasks such as collecting software inventory, running commands, managing patches, and configuring servers across AWS Cloud as well as on-premises infrastructure.