1.Which of the following is available across all AWS Support plans?

A.**AWS Health Dashboard – Your account health**

It helps to know our account health, alerts are triggered by changes in the health of your AWS resources, giving you event visibility, and guidance to help quickly diagnose and resolve issues.

2.A firm wants to maintain the same data on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) between its production account and multiple test accounts. Which technique should you choose to copy data into multiple test accounts while retaining object metadata?


A.**Amazon S3 Replication**

Replication enables automatic, asynchronous copying of objects across Amazon S3 buckets. Buckets that are configured for object replication can be owned by the same AWS account or by different accounts. You can copy objects between different AWS Regions or within the same Region. You can use replication to make copies of your objects that retain all metadata, such as the original object creation time and version IDs. This capability is important if you need to ensure that your replica is identical to the source object.

3.The QA team at a company wants a tool/service that can provide access to different mobile devices with variations in firmware and Operating System versions.Which AWS service can address this use case?


A.**AWS Device Farm**

Device Farm is designed for developers, QA teams, and customer support representatives who are building, testing, and supporting mobile apps to increase the quality of their apps. Application quality is increasingly important, and also getting complex due to the number of device models, variations in firmware and OS versions, carrier and manufacturer customizations, and dependencies on remote services and other apps.


4.Which AWS service would you choose for a data processing project that needs a schemaless database?

A.**Amazon DynamoDB **

It is a key-value and document database that delivers single-digit millisecond performance at any scale. It's a fully managed, multi-Region, multi-master, durable database with built-in security, backup and restore, and in-memory caching for internet-scale applications. DynamoDB is schemaless. DynamoDB can manage structured or semistructured data, including JSON documents.


5.Which of the following entities are part of an Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) in the AWS Cloud?

**A.Subnet

B.Internet Gateway**

Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) enables you to launch AWS resources into a virtual network that you've defined.

The following are the key concepts for VPCs:

Virtual private cloud (VPC) — A virtual network dedicated to your AWS account.

Subnet — A range of IP addresses in your VPC.

Route table — A set of rules, called routes, that are used to determine where network traffic is directed.

Internet Gateway — A gateway that you attach to your VPC to enable communication between resources in your VPC and the internet.




