1.Adding more CPU/RAM to an Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance represents which of the following?

A.**Vertical scaling**

A vertically scalable system is constrained to running its processes on only one computer; in such systems, the only way to increase performance is **to add more resources into one computer in the form of faster (or more) CPUs, memory, or storage.**

2.Which service/tool will you use to create and provide trusted users with temporary security credentials that can control access to your AWS resources?

A.**AWS Security Token Service** (AWS STS)

AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) is a web service that enables you to request temporary, limited-privilege credentials for AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM) users or for users that you authenticate

3.Which of the following AWS services can be used to generate, use, and manage encryption keys on the AWS Cloud?

A.**AWS CloudHSM **

service helps you meet corporate, contractual, and regulatory compliance requirements for data security by using dedicated Hardware Security Module (HSM) instances within the AWS cloud.

AWS CloudHSM allows you to **securely generate, store, and manage cryptographic keys used for data encryption in a way that keys are accessible only to you.**

4.Which AWS service allows you to quickly and easily add user sign-up, sign-in, and access control to web and mobile applications?

A.**Amazon Cognito**

Amazon Cognito lets you add user sign-up, sign-in, and access control to your web and mobile apps quickly and easily. With Amazon Cognito, you also have the option to authenticate users through social identity providers such as Facebook, Twitter, or Amazon, with SAML identity solutions, or by using your own identity system.

5.Which AWS service allows you to quickly and easily add user sign-up, sign-in, and access control to web and mobile applications?


A.**Amazon Cognito**

Amazon Cognito lets you add user sign-up, sign-in, and access control to your web and mobile apps quickly and easily. With Amazon Cognito, you also have the option to authenticate users through social identity providers such as Facebook, Twitter, or Amazon, with SAML identity solutions, or by using your own identity system.