1.Which feature/functionality will help you organize your AWS resources, manage and automate tasks on large numbers of resources at a time?

A.**AWS Resource Groups**

we can use AWS Resource Groups to organize your AWS resources. Resource groups **make it easier to manage and automate tasks on large numbers of resources at a time**. Resource Groups feature permissions are at the account level. As long as users who are sharing your account have the correct IAM permissions, they can work with the resource groups that you create.

2.A manufacturing company is looking at a service that can offer AWS infrastructure, AWS services, APIs, and tools to its on-premises data center for running low latency applications.

A.**AWS Outposts**

AWS Outposts is a fully managed service that offers the same AWS infrastructure, AWS services, APIs, and tools to virtually any data center, co-location space, or on-premises facility for a truly consistent hybrid experience. AWS Outposts is ideal for workloads that require low latency access to on-premises systems, local data processing, data residency, and migration of applications with local system interdependencies.

3.A financial services company needs to retain its data for 10 years to meet compliance norms. Which Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) storage class is the best fit for this use case considering that the data has to be stored at a minimal cost?

A.**Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive**

Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive is Amazon S3’s lowest-cost storage class and **supports long-term retention and digital preservation for data that may be accessed once or twice a year. It is designed for customers — particularly those in highly-regulated industries, such as the Financial Services, Healthcare, and Public Sectors — that retain data sets for 7-10 years or longer to meet regulatory compliance requirements.** S3 Glacier Deep Archive can also be used for backup and disaster recovery use cases, and is a cost-effective and easy-to-manage alternative to magnetic tape systems, whether they are on-premises libraries or off-premises services.

4.Which tool/service will help you get a forecast of your spending for the next 12 months?

A.**AWS Cost Explorer**

AWS Cost Explorer lets you explore your AWS costs and usage at both a high level and at a detailed level of analysis, and empowering you to dive deeper using a number of filtering dimensions (e.g., AWS Service, Region, Member Account, etc.). You can view data for up to the last 12 months, forecast how much you're **likely to spend for the next 12 months, and get recommendations for what Reserved Instances to purchase.** 



