1.A company is moving its on-premises application to AWS Cloud. The application uses in-memory caches for running custom workloads. Which Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance type is the right choice for the given requirement?

A.Memory Optimized instance types

Memory optimized instances are designed to deliver fast performance for workloads that process large data sets in memory. Memory optimized instances offer large memory size for memory intensive applications including in-memory applications, in-memory databases, in-memory analytics solutions, High Performance Computing (HPC), scientific computing, and other memory-intensive applications.


2.A Cloud Practitioner wants to use CIDR block notation when providing an IP address range. Which of the following AWS network services/utilities allow this feature?

A.**Security group**

A security group acts as a firewall that controls the traffic allowed to and from the resources in your virtual private cloud (VPC). You can choose the ports and protocols to allow for inbound traffic and for outbound traffic. For each security group, you add separate sets of rules for inbound traffic and outbound traffic. By default, new security groups start with only an outbound rule that allows all traffic to leave the resource. You must add rules to enable any inbound traffic or to restrict the outbound traffic. Security groups allow CIDR block notation when providing an IP address range.

B.**Network access control list (network ACL)**

A network access control list (ACL) allows or denies specific inbound or outbound traffic at the subnet level. You can use the default network ACL for your VPC, or you can create a custom network ACL for your VPC with rules that are similar to the rules for your security groups in order to add an additional layer of security to your VPC. There is no additional charge for using network ACLs.

3.Which AWS service is used to store and commit code privately and also offer features for version control?

A.AWS CodeCommit

AWS CodeCommit is a fully-managed source control service that hosts secure Git-based repositories. It makes it easy for teams to collaborate on code in a secure and highly scalable ecosystem. CodeCommit eliminates the need to operate your own source control system or worry about scaling its infrastructure. You can use CodeCommit to securely store anything from source code to binaries, and it works seamlessly with your existing Git tools.

4.As a Cloud Practitioner, which of the following credentials would you recommend for signing in to the AWS Management Console to meet security best practices?

A.IAM Username and password

An AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user is an entity that you create in AWS. The IAM user represents the human user or workload who uses the IAM user to interact with AWS. A user in AWS consists of a name and credentials. You also need a password that the IAM user can type to sign in to interactive sessions using the AWS Management Console.

Multi Factor Authentication (MFA)

AWS multi-factor authentication (MFA) is an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) best practice that requires a second authentication factor in addition to user name and password sign-in credentials. You can enable MFA at the AWS account level and for root and IAM users you have created in your account.

5.A Security Group has been changed in an AWS account and the manager of the account has asked you to find out the details of the user who changed it. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service will you use to fetch the necessary information?

A.AWS CloudTrail

AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor and retain account activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure. CloudTrail provides the event history of your AWS account activity, including actions taken through the AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command-line tools, and other AWS services. This event history simplifies security analysis, resource change tracking, and troubleshooting. In addition, you can use AWS CloudTrail to detect unusual activity in your AWS accounts. These capabilities help simplify operational analysis and troubleshooting.