1.A company wants to establish a private, dedicated connection between AWS and its on-premises data center. Which AWS service is the right choice for this requirement?

A.AWS Direct Connect

AWS Direct Connect is a cloud service solution that makes it easy to establish a dedicated network connection from your premises to AWS. Using AWS Direct Connect, you can establish private connectivity between AWS and your datacenter, office, or colocation environment, which in many cases can reduce your network costs, increase bandwidth throughput, and provide a more consistent network experience than Internet-based connections. AWS Direct Connect does not encrypt your traffic that is in transit.

2.Which of the following are the security best practices suggested by AWS for Identity and Access Management (IAM)?

A.**When you create IAM policies, grant the least privileges required to perform a task**

When you create IAM policies, follow the standard security advice of granting the least privileges, or granting only the permissions required to perform a task. Determine what users (and roles) need to do and then craft policies that allow them to perform only those tasks.

Start with a minimum set of permissions and grant additional permissions as necessary. Doing so is more secure than starting with permissions that are too lenient and then trying to tighten them later.


3.Which of the following statements are correct regarding Amazon API Gateway?

A.Amazon API Gateway can call an AWS Lambda function to create the front door of a serverless application

Amazon API Gateway is an AWS service for creating, publishing, maintaining, monitoring, and securing REST, HTTP, and WebSocket APIs at any scale. API developers can create APIs that access AWS or other web services, as well as data stored in the AWS Cloud.

4.By default, which of the following events are logged by AWS CloudTrail?

A.**Management events**

An event in AWS CloudTrail is the record of activity in an AWS account. This activity can be an action taken by a user, role, or service that is monitorable by CloudTrail. CloudTrail events provide a history of both API and non-API account activity made through the AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command line tools, and other AWS services.

There are three types of events that can be logged in CloudTrail: management events, data events, and AWS CloudTrail Insights events.

By default, AWS CloudTrail logs all management events and does not include data events or Insights events. Additional charges apply for data and Insights events. All event types use the same CloudTrail JSON log format.

5.Which of the following AWS services is delivered globally rather than regionally?

A.**Amazon WorkSpaces**

AWS offers a broad set of global cloud-based products including compute, storage, database, analytics, networking, machine learning and AI, mobile, developer tools, IoT, security, enterprise applications, and much more.