1.Which of the following are components of an AWS Site-to-Site VPN?

A.Customer gateway

AWS Site-to-Site VPN enables you to securely connect your on-premises network or branch office site to your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC). VPN Connections are a good solution if you have an immediate need, and have low to modest bandwidth requirements. This connection goes over the public internet. Virtual private gateway (VGW) / Transit Gateway and Customer Gateway are the components of an AWS Site-to-Site VPN.

2.Which AWS service can help you create data-driven business cases for transitioning your business from on-premises to AWS Cloud?

A.AWS Migration Evaluator

AWS Migration Evaluator (Formerly TSO Logic) is a complimentary service to create data-driven business cases for AWS Cloud planning and migration.

AWS Migration Evaluator quickly provides a business case to make sound AWS planning and migration decisions. With AWS Migration Evaluator, your organization can build a data-driven business case for AWS, gets access to AWS expertise, visibility into the costs associated with multiple migration strategies, and insights on how reusing existing software licensing reduces

3.A cyber-security agency uses AWS Cloud and wants to carry out security assessments on its own AWS infrastructure without any prior approval from AWS. Which of the following?

A.Penetration Testing

AWS customers can carry out security assessments or penetration tests against their AWS infrastructure without prior approval for few common AWS services. Customers are not permitted to conduct any security assessments of AWS infrastructure, or the AWS services themselves.

4.Which of the following AWS services specialize in data migration from on-premises to AWS Cloud?

A.AWS Snowball

AWS Snowball is a data transport solution that accelerates moving terabytes to petabytes of data into and out of AWS services using storage devices designed to be secure for physical transport.

5.AWS Trusted Advisor analyzes your AWS environment and provides best practice recommendations for which of the following categories?

A.Service Limits

AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides real-time guidance to help provision your resources following AWS best practices. Whether establishing new workflows, developing applications, or as part of ongoing improvement, recommendations provided by Trusted Advisor on a regular basis help keep your solutions provisioned optimally. AWS Trusted Advisor analyzes your AWS environment and provides best practice recommendations in five categories: Cost Optimization, Performance, Security, Fault Tolerance, Service Limits.