1.Which security service of AWS is enabled for all AWS customers, by default, at no additional cost?

A.**AWS Shield Standard**

AWS Shield Standard defends against most common, frequently occurring network and transport layer DDoS attacks that target your website or applications. While AWS Shield Standard helps protect all AWS customers, you get better protection if you are using Amazon CloudFront and Amazon Route 53. All AWS customers benefit from the automatic protections of AWS Shield Standard, at no additional charge.

2.A web application stores all of its data on Amazon S3 buckets. A client has mandated that data be encrypted before sending it to Amazon S3.Which of the following is the right technique for encrypting data as needed by the customer?

A.**Enable client-side encryption using AWS encryption SDK**

The act of encrypting data before sending it to Amazon S3 is termed as client-side encryption. The AWS encryption SDK is a client-side encryption library that is separate from the language–specific SDKs. You can use this encryption library to more easily implement encryption best practices in Amazon S3. Unlike the Amazon S3 encryption clients in the language–specific AWS SDKs, the AWS encryption SDK is not tied to Amazon S3 and can be used to encrypt or decrypt data to be stored anywhere.

3.A startup wants to provision an EC2 instance for the lowest possible cost for a long-term duration but needs to make sure that the instance would never be interrupted. As a Cloud Practitioner, which of the following options would you recommend?

A.**EC2 Reserved Instance (RI)**

An EC2 Reserved Instance (RI) provides you with significant savings (up to 75%) on your Amazon EC2 costs compared to On-Demand Instance pricing. A Reserved Instance (RI) is not a physical instance, but rather a billing discount applied to the use of On-Demand Instances in your account. You can purchase a Reserved Instance (RI) for a one-year or three-year commitment, with the three-year commitment offering a bigger discount. A reserved instance (RI) cannot be interrupted. So this is the correct option.

4.AWS Shield Advanced provides expanded DDoS attack protection for web applications running on which of the following resources?

A.**Amazon Route 53**
**
AWS Global Accelerator**

AWS Shield Standard is activated for all AWS customers, by default. For higher levels of protection against attacks, you can subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. With Shield Advanced, you also have exclusive access to advanced, real-time metrics and reports for extensive visibility into attacks on your AWS resources. With the assistance of the DRT (DDoS response team), AWS Shield Advanced includes intelligent DDoS attack detection and mitigation for not only for network layer (layer 3) and transport layer (layer 4) attacks but also for application layer (layer 7) attacks.