1.A multi-national company has just moved its infrastructure from its on-premises data center to AWS Cloud. As part of the shared responsibility model, AWS is responsible for which of the following?

A.**Physical and Environmental controls**

As part of the shared responsibility model, Physical and Environmental controls are part of the inherited controls and hence these are the responsibility of AWS.

2.AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF) offers protection from common web exploits at which layer?

A.**Layer 7**

AWS WAF is a web application firewall that lets you monitor the HTTP and HTTPS requests that are forwarded to an Amazon API Gateway API, Amazon CloudFront or an Application Load Balancer. HTTP and HTTPS requests are part of the Application layer, which is layer 7.

3.Which of the following AWS services support reservations to optimize costs?

A.**Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)**

B.**Amazon DynamoDB**

C.**Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)**

The following AWS services support reservations to optimize costs:

Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances (RI): You can use Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances (RI) to reserve capacity and receive a discount on your instance usage compared to running On-Demand instances.

Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity: If you can predict your need for Amazon DynamoDB read-and-write throughput, Reserved Capacity offers significant savings over the normal price of DynamoDB provisioned throughput capacity.

4.Which of the following Amazon S3 storage classes takes the most time to retrieve data (also known as first byte latency)?

A.**Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive**

Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive is Amazon S3’s lowest-cost storage class and supports long-term retention and digital preservation for data that may be accessed once or twice in a year. It is designed for customers — particularly those in highly-regulated industries, such as the Financial Services, Healthcare, and Public Sectors — that retain data sets for 7-10 years or longer to meet regulatory compliance requirements. Amazon S3 **Glacier Deep Archive can also be used for backup and disaster recovery use cases. It has a retrieval time (first byte latency) of 12 to 48 hours**.

5.Which of the following is a serverless AWS service?

A.**AWS Lambda**

AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time you consume. With Lambda, you can run code for virtually any type of application or backend service - all with zero administration. Just upload your code and Lambda takes care of everything required to run and scale your code with high availability.