**Today I performed one task installing tomcat application in linux server**

To install tomcat in server we need to install jave in the server:
Process will be given bellow:

to insatall java the command is:
  
      java -version to check           (version java version)
 sudo apt-get update                   (to update) 
 sudo apt-get install default-jdk -y   (to install)

**After installtion the java here we need to create tomcat user and group**

=> We should not run tomcat under the root user for security reasons. Let’s create a group tomcat and add a user tomcat to it. Additionally, we are going to install tomcat under /opt/tomcat directory which will be tomcat user home directory:

$ sudo groupadd tomcat
$ sudo useradd -s /bin/false -g tomcat -d /opt/tomcat tomcat

=> We are going to install Tomcat to /opt directory. So we will download the Tomcat 9.0.21 package to that location.

Change directory to /opt and download Tomcat 9 to that directory.

$ cd /opt
$ sudo wget https://archive.apache.org/dist/tomcat/tomcat-9/v9.0.21/bin/apache-tomcat-9.0.21.tar.gz


=> next we need to extract the file we need to use the command:

  $ sudo tar -xvzf apache-tomcat-9.0.21.tar.gz

=> next we need to move the tomcat:

  $ sudo mv apache-tomcat-9.0.21 /opt/tomcat

=>  Change Permission and Ownership of the Tomcat home directory

Next, we will modify ownership and permission of /opt/tomcat directory. We will also give executed permission to opt/tomcat/bin/ directory.

  sudo chown -R tomcat: tomcatsudo chmod o+x /opt/tomcat/bin/

=> **Creating a SystemD Service File for Tomcat**

To install Tomcat as system service we will create a file called tomcat.service in the /etc/systemd/system directory.

   sudo nano /etc/systemd/system/tomcat.service

=> **here we need to edit the file  tomcat.service**

   [Unit]
Description=Tomcat 9 Server
After=network.target
[Service]
Type=forking
User=tomcat
Group=tomcat
Environment="JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/default-java"
# java 17 path /usr/lib/jvm/java-1.11.0-openjdk-amd64
Environment="JAVA_OPTS=-Xms512m -Xmx512m"
Environment="CATALINA_BASE=/opt/tomcat"
Environment="CATALINA_HOME=/opt/tomcat"
Environment="CATALINA_PID=/opt/tomcat/temp/tomcat.pid"
Environment="CATALINA_OPTS=-Xms512M -Xmx1024M -server -XX:+UseParallelGC"
ExecStart=/opt/tomcat/bin/startup.sh
ExecStop=/opt/tomcat/bin/shutdown.sh
# use when you want to run as root ExecStart=/bin/sh -c '/opt/tomcat/bin/startup.sh'
# use when you want to run as root ExecStop=/bin/sh -c '/opt/tomcat/bin/shutdown.sh'
UMask=0007
RestartSec=10
Restart=always
[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target

**save and exit the file**


=>Restart systemctl daemon.

sudo systemctl daemon-reload

=>To start the tomcat service.

sudo systemctl start tomcat


=>http://<public-ip>:8080/  (before going to test the Ip adress we need enable some inbound rules of the paritcular server)

=>IN inbound rules we need to add the "custom tcp" and port is"8080" after that we can test the server with the help of public ip adress and port number.

**EX:http://3.68.82.50:8080/**