**Today I'm prepared about Cloud practitioner exam questions:**

1.Which aws services should be used for read/write of constently changing   
  data?

**A)Amazon RDS
  b)Amazon EFS**

2.What is the one of the advantage of Amazon Relational Database Services(Amazon RDS)?
**
A) It simplifies Relational Database service administration tasks**

3)A customer needs to run a mysql database that easily scales, which aws  
  should they used?

**A)Amazon Aurora**

(Here mysql is sequeel based database)

4.which of the following components of the AWS global infrastructure consists of one or more discreate data centers interconnect through low letency links.

**A) Availability zone**

5.which of the following is a shared controll between the customer and AWS?

**A)Awareness and training**

6.How many availability zone should compute resources be provisiened  
   across to achive high availability zone.

**A)A minimum two**

7.one of the advantages to moving infrastructure from an on-pramises data 
  center to the aws cloud is:?

**A)It allows the busuness to focus on business activity**

8.what is the lowest cost, durable storage option for retaining database  
  backups,for immediate retrival?

**A)Amazon S3**

9.which of the following is a fast and reliable Nosql database service?

**A)Amazon dynamodb**

10.what is an example of agility in the AWS cloud?

**A)Decrease the acquition time for new computer resources**

11.which service should a customer use to consalidate and centrally manage  
   multiple AWS accounts?

**A) AWS organisations**
