Today I am preparing about cloud practitioner exam quetions:

1.What does the concept of agility mean in AWS Cloud computing? (Choose  
  two.)
**A.The speed at which AWS resources are implemented
  b.The ability to experiment quickly.**

2.A company needs to block SQL injection attacks.
Which AWS service or feature can meet this requirement?

A.**AWS WAF (Web Application firewall)**:

  AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect web applications from attacks by allowing you to configure rules that allow, block, or monitor (count) web requests based on conditions that you define. These conditions include IP addresses, HTTP headers, HTTP body, URI strings, SQL injection and cross-site scripting.

3.Which AWS service or feature identifies whether an Amazon S3 bucket or an IAM role has been shared with an external entity?

**A.AWS IAM Access Analyzer**

  IAM Access Analyzer helps you identify the resources in your organization and accounts, such as Amazon S3 buckets or IAM roles, shared with an external entity.

4.A cloud practitioner needs to obtain AWS compliance reports before migrating an environment to the AWS Cloud.
How can these reports be generated?

**A.Download the reports from AWS Artifact**

 AWS Artifact is a self-service audit artifact retrieval portal that provides customers with on-demand access to AWS’ compliance documentation and AWS agreements

5.Which service enables customers to audit API calls in their AWS accounts?

**A.AWS CloudTrail**

6.Which AWS service is always provided at no charge?

**A.AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)**

7.A company is using Amazon DynamoDB.
Which task is the company’s responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

**A.Manage database access permissions**

8.Which AWS service gives users the ability to discover and protect sensitive data that is stored in Amazon S3 buckets?

**A.Amazon Macie**

9.Which of the following services can be used to block network traffic to an instance?

**A.Network ACLs, Security groups**

10.Which AWS service can identify when an Amazon EC2 instance was terminated?

A.Cloud trail

11.Which AWS service supports a hybrid architecture that gives users the ability to extend AWS infrastructure, AWS services, APIs, and tools to data centers, co-location environments, or on-premises facilities?
**
A. AWS Outposts**

12.Which AWS service helps deliver highly available applications with fast failover for multi-Region and Multi-AZ architectures?

**A.AWS Global Accelerator**
