Today Iam preparing About Cloud practitiner:

1.A company is running a workload in the AWS Cloud.
Which AWS best practice ensures the MOST cost-effective architecture for the workload?

**A.Rightsizing**

2.Which option is an AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF) platform perspective capability?

**A.Data architecture**

3.A company is using a third-party service to back up 10 TB of data to a tape library. The on-premises backup server is running out of space. The company wants to use AWS services for the backups without changing its existing backup workflows.
Which AWS service should the company use to meet these requirements?

**A.AWS Storage Gateway**

4.Which AWS tool gives users the ability to plan their service usage, service costs, and instance reservations, and also allows them to set custom alerts when their costs or usage exceed established thresholds?

**A.AWS Budgets**

5.Which tasks are the customer’s responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)

**A.Configure IAM credentials
b.Perform client-side data encryption**

6.A developer has been hired by a large company and needs AWS credentials.
Which are security best practices that should be followed? (Choose two.)

A.Grant the developer access to only the AWS resources needed to perform  
  the job
b.Ensure the account password policy requires a minimum length

7.A company has multiple AWS accounts that include compute workloads that cannot be interrupted. The company wants to obtain billing discounts that are based on the company’s use of AWS services.
Which AWS feature or purchasing option will meet these requirements?

**A. Consolidated billing**

8.A user wants to allow applications running on an Amazon EC2 instance to make calls to other AWS services. The access granted must be secure.
Which AWS service or feature should be used?

**A.IAM roles**

9.A company wants a fully managed Windows file server for its Windows-based applications.
Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

**A.Amazon FSx**

10.A company wants to migrate its NFS on-premises workload to AWS.
Which AWS Storage Gateway type should the company use to meet this requirement?

**A.Amazon S3 File Gateway
b.Amazon FSx File Gateway
**