Today I prepared about Cloud practitiner questions:

1.A company wants an AWS service to provide product recommendations based on its customer data.
Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

**A.Amazon Personalize**

2.A company needs to track the activity in its AWS accounts, and needs to know when an API call is made against its AWS resources.
Which AWS tool or service can be used to meet these requirements?
**
A.AWS CloudTrail**

3.A company has an uninterruptible application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. The application constantly processes a backlog of files in an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. This usage is expected to continue to grow for years.
What is the MOST cost-effective EC2 instance purchasing model to meet these requirements?

**A.Savings Plans**

4.A company is planning its migration to the AWS Cloud. The company is identifying its capability gaps by using the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF) perspectives.
Which phase of the cloud transformation journey includes these identification activities?

**A.Align**

5.A social media company wants to protect its web application from common web exploits such as SQL injections and cross-site scripting.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

**A.AWS WAF**

6.Which fully managed AWS service assists with the creation, testing, and management of custom Amazon EC2 images?

**A.EC2 Image Builder**

7.A company wants an automated process to continuously scan its Amazon EC2 instances for software vulnerabilities.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

**A.Amazon Inspector**

8.A company needs to perform data processing once a week that typically takes about 5 hours to complete.
Which AWS service should the company use for this workload?

**8.Amazon EC2**

9.Which AWS service or feature provides log information of the inbound and outbound traffic on network interfaces in a VPC?

**A.VPC Flow Logs**

10.A company wants to design a centralized storage system to manage the configuration data and passwords for its critical business applications.
Which AWS service or capability will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

**A.AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store
b.AWS Secrets Manager**