1.A company wants to assess its operational readiness. It also wants to identify and mitigate any operational risks ahead of a new product launch.
Which AWS Support plan offers guidance and support for this kind of event at no additional charge?

A.AWS Enterprise Support

2.A company wants to establish a schedule for rotating database user credentials.
Which AWS service will support this requirement with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

A.AWS Secrets Manager


3.Which AWS service or feature can be used to create a private connection between an on-premises workload and an AWS Cloud workload?

A.AWS Direct Connect

4.Which AWS service is used to provide encryption for Amazon EBS?

A.AWS KMS

5.A company wants to manage its AWS Cloud resources through a web interface.
Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

A.AWS Management Console

6.Which of the following are advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)

A.High economies of scale
b.Launch globally in minutes

7.Which AWS Cloud benefit is shown by an architecture’s ability to withstand failures with minimal downtime?

A.High availability

8.A developer needs to maintain a development environment infrastructure and a production environment infrastructure in a repeatable fashion.
Which AWS service should the developer use to meet these requirements?

A.AWS CloudFormation

9.Which task is the customer’s responsibility, according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

A. Configure firewalls and networks.

10.Which AWS service helps deliver highly available applications with fast failover for multi-Region and Multi-AZ architectures?

A.AWS Global Accelerator