**To day I performed one small task With Application load balancer:**
 
=> In this task I have created one create one VPC 

=> after that I have created 4 subnets Two for Application load balancer and two for hosting the server.

=> while creating the sub nets we need to choose the particular vpc (what we created already).

=> Here we subnets will create in diffrent availability zones becouse at that time only the ALB is accepts.

=> Here  we need to create Internet gateway to attach that vpc

=> Then we can check these 4 subnets will be configured some Route table.

=> we need add route to the subnets to add the gateway  to this subnet. 

=> In ec2 section we need to create one Application load balancer.

=> in Aws console there 4 load balancers are available we  can take                   

   Application load balancer.

=> here give the name to the load balancer and select the internet option  

   to access the outside vpc also(if select internal it is for private with in vpc).

=> default listner we can take HTTP.

=> In this load balancer we need to select subnets from two availability    

   zones.

=> VPC:Select existing VPC

=> subnets will select from two in diffrent zones i.e., Already we 

   created the subnets 1.alb-subnet-az1 2.alb-subnet-az2 .

=> In second step show some warning message we continue the process.

=> The third step is configuring security groups 

   select new security group 
   
   security group name XXXXX
   
   discription     (security group name) 
   
   here port no 80 will be enabled  