Cloud watch log:

=> Amazon CloudWatch Logs is used for monitor, store, and access your log files from Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances, 

   AWS CloudTrail, Route 53, and other sources
   
=> CloudWatch Logs enables you to centralize the logs from all of your systems, applications, and AWS services that you use, in a single, highly scalable service. 

   You can then easily view them, search them for specific error codes or patterns, filter them based on specific fields, or archive them securely for future analysis. 
   
   CloudWatch Logs enables you to see all of your logs, regardless of their source, as a single and consistent flow of events ordered by time.

=> log groups usually representing an application.
 
=> logs encrypted by default.

Features:

**Two log classes for flexibility:  **
   
   CloudWatch Logs offers two log classes so that you can have a cost-effective option for logs that you access infrequently. 

   You also have a full-featured option for logs that require real-time monitoring or other features. For more information.

**Monitor logs from Amazon EC2 instances:**  

You can use CloudWatch Logs to monitor applications and systems using log data. For example, CloudWatch Logs can track the number of errors that occur in your application logs and send you a notification whenever the rate of errors exceeds a threshold you specify. 

CloudWatch Logs uses your log data for monitoring; so, no code changes are required.   
**
Monitor AWS CloudTrail logged events:** 

You can create alarms in CloudWatch and receive notifications of particular API activity as captured by CloudTrail and use the notification to perform troubleshooting.