1.Which AWS Support plan provides architectural guidance contextual to your specific use-cases?

A.**AWS Business Support**

You should use AWS Business Support if you have production workloads on AWS and want 24x7 phone, email and chat access to technical support and architectural guidance in the context of your specific use-cases. You get full access to AWS Trusted Advisor Best Practice Checks. You also get access to Infrastructure Event Management for an additional fee.

2.Which of the following is a benefit of using AWS managed services such as Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)?


A.**The performance of AWS managed Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) instance is better than a customer-managed database instance**

Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient and resizable capacity while automating time-consuming administration tasks such as hardware provisioning, database setup, patching, and backups.

Amazon RDS provides a selection of instance types optimized to fit different relational database use cases. Instance types comprise varying combinations of CPU, memory, storage, and networking capacity and give you the flexibility to choose the appropriate mix of resources for your database to optimize the database for your use-case by selecting the correct instance type and size.

As the RDS instances are optimized for memory, performance, or I/O, therefore the performance of AWS managed Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) instance is better than a customer-managed database instance.

3.Which of the following are the advantages of cloud computing?

A.**Benefit from massive economies of scale

B.Trade capital expense for variable expense

C.Go global in minutes and deploy applications in multiple regions around        the world with just a few clicks**

4.An intern at an IT company provisioned a Linux based On-demand EC2 instance with per-second billing but terminated it within 30 seconds as he wanted to provision another instance type. What is the duration for which the instance would be charged?

A.**60 seconds**

There is a one-minute minimum charge for Linux based EC2 instances,

5.AWS Shield Advanced provides expanded DDoS attack protection for web applications running on which of the following resources?

A.Amazon Route 53

B.AWS Global Accelerator

AWS Shield Standard is activated for all AWS customers, by default. For higher levels of protection against attacks, you can subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. With Shield Advanced, you also have exclusive access to advanced, real-time metrics and reports for extensive visibility into attacks on your AWS resources. With the assistance of the DRT (DDoS response team), AWS Shield Advanced includes intelligent DDoS attack detection and mitigation for not only for network layer (layer 3) and transport layer (layer 4) attacks but also for application layer (layer 7) attacks.
