1.An IT company has deployed a static website on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), but the website is still inaccessible. As a Cloud Practioner, which of the following solutions would you suggest to address this issue?

A.**Fix the Amazon S3 bucket policy**

To host a static website on Amazon S3, you configure an Amazon S3 bucket for website hosting and then upload your website content to the bucket. **When you configure a bucket as a static website, you must enable website hosting, set permissions, and create and add an index document**.

2.Which of the following AWS services have data encryption automatically enabled?

A.Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)

All Amazon S3 buckets have encryption configured by default, and objects are automatically encrypted by using server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3). This encryption setting applies to all objects in your Amazon S3 buckets.

3.Under the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following is the responsibility of a customer regarding AWS Lambda?

A.**Maintain versions of an AWS Lambda function**

AWS is responsible for protecting the infrastructure that runs all of the services offered in the AWS Cloud. This infrastructure is composed of the hardware, software, networking, and facilities that run AWS Cloud services.

Under the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, customer's responsibility is determined by the AWS Cloud services that a customer selects. For abstracted services, such as Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB, AWS operates the infrastructure layer, the operating system, and platforms, and customers access the endpoints to store and retrieve data. Customers are responsible for managing their data (including encryption options), classifying their assets, and using IAM tools to apply the appropriate permissions.

4.A company is looking for a guided path to help deploy, configure, and secure its new workloads while ensuring that it is ready for on-going operations in the cloud. Which of the following AWS services/tools can be leveraged for this use case?

A.**Cloud Foundations**

Cloud Foundations provides a guided path to help customers deploy, configure, and secure their new workloads while ensuring they are ready for on-going operations in the cloud. Cloud Foundations helps customers navigate through the decisions they need to make through curated AWS Services, AWS Solutions, Partner Solutions, and Guidance.

5.Which budget types can be created under AWS Budgets?

A.**There are four different budget types you can create under AWS Budgets - Cost budget, Usage budget, Reservation budget and Savings Plans budget.**

**Cost budget** - Helps you plan how much you want to spend on a service.

**Usage budget** - Helps you plan how much you want to use one or more services.

**Reservation budget** - This helps you track the usage of your Reserved Instances (RI). Two ways of doing it - Reserved Instance (RI) utilization budgets (This lets you see if your Reserved Instances (RI) are unused or under-utilized), Reserved Instance (RI) coverage budgets (This lets you see how much of your instance usage is covered by a reservation).