Today I prepared about some question:

1.Which of the following is a software development framework that a company can use to define cloud resources as code and provision the resources through AWS CloudFormation?

A.AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK)

2.A company wants to manage deployed IT services and govern its infrastructure as code (IaC) templates.
Which AWS service will meet this requirement?


A. AWS Service Catalog

3.Which AWS service or tool helps users visualize, understand, and manage spending and usage over time?

A. AWS Cost Explorer

4.A company is using a central data platform to manage multiple types of data for its customers. The company wants to use AWS services to discover, transform, and visualize the data.
Which combination of AWS services should the company use to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. AWS Glue Most Voted
B. Amazon QuickSight

5.A global company wants to migrate its third-party applications to the AWS Cloud. The company wants help from a global team of experts to complete the migration faster and more reliably in accordance with AWS internal best practices.
Which AWS service or resource will meet these requirements?


A. AWS Professional Services

6.An e-learning platform needs to run an application for 2 months each year. The application will be deployed on Amazon EC2 instances. Any application downtime during those 2 months must be avoided.
Which EC2 purchasing option will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A.On-Demand Instances

7.A developer wants to deploy an application quickly on AWS without manually creating the required resources.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?

A.AWS Elastic Beanstalk

8.A company is storing sensitive customer data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company wants to protect the data from accidental deletion or overwriting.
Which S3 feature should the company use to meet these requirements?


A. S3 Versioning

9.Which AWS service provides the ability to manage infrastructure as code?

A.AWS CloudFormation

10.An online gaming company needs to choose a purchasing option to run its Amazon EC2 instances for 1 year. The web traffic is consistent, and any increases in traffic are predictable. The EC2 instances must be online and available without any disruption.
Which EC2 instance purchasing option will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A.Reserved Instances