1.Which service enables customers to audit API calls in their AWS accounts?

**A.AWS CloudTrail**

AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables customers to log, continuously monitor, and retain account activity-related events in their AWS accounts. It records API calls made by or on behalf of the AWS account and delivers those log files to an Amazon S3 bucket for storage. AWS CloudTrail provides visibility into user activity by recording actions taken on resources and helps with security analysis, resource change tracking, and compliance auditing.

2.What is a customer responsibility when using AWS Lambda according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

A.**Managing the code within the Lambda function**

2.1.if company responsibility means?

A.**Configure the resource.**

3.A company has 5 TB of data stored in Amazon S3. The company plans to occasionally run queries on the data for analysis.
Which AWS service should the company use to run these queries in the MOST cost-effective manner?

A.**Amazon Athena** 

Amazon Athena is an interactive query service that makes **it easy to analyze data directly in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)** using standard SQL. With a few actions in the AWS Management Console, you can point Athena at your data stored in Amazon S3 and begin using standard SQL to run ad-hoc queries and get results in seconds.

4.Which AWS service can be used at no additional cost?

A.**AWS Organizations**

5.Which AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF) capability belongs to the people perspective?

A.**Cloud fluency**

6.A company wants to make an upfront commitment for continued use of its production Amazon EC2 instances in exchange for a reduced overall cost.
Which pricing options meet these requirements with the LOWEST cost?

**A.Reserved Instances Most Voted
B.Savings Plans**

7.A company wants to migrate its on-premises relational databases to the AWS Cloud. The company wants to use infrastructure as close to its current geographical location as possible.
Which AWS service or resource should the company use to select its Amazon RDS deployment area?

**A.AWS Regions**

8.A company is exploring the use of the AWS Cloud, and needs to create a cost estimate for a project before the infrastructure is provisioned.
Which AWS service or **feature can be used to estimate costs before deployment**?

**A. AWS Pricing Calculator**

9.A company is building an application that needs to deliver **images and videos globally with minimal latency**.
Which approach can the company use to **accomplish this in a cost effective manner**?

A.** Deliver the content through Amazon CloudFront**

10.Which option is a benefit of the economies of scale based on the advantages of cloud computing?

A.**Lower variable costs over fixed costs**