1.Which of the following AWS services support VPC Endpoint Gateway for a private connection from a VPC?

A.Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)

B.Amazon DynamoDB

A VPC endpoint enables you to privately connect your VPC to supported AWS services and VPC endpoint services powered by AWS PrivateLink without requiring an internet gateway, NAT device, VPN connection, or AWS Direct Connect connection. Instances in your VPC do not require public IP addresses to communicate with resources in the service. Traffic between your VPC and the other service does not leave the Amazon network.

There are two types of VPC endpoints: interface endpoints and gateway endpoints.

Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)

Amazon DynamoDB

Exam Alert:

You may see a question around this concept in the exam. Just remember that only Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB support VPC gateway endpoint. All other services that support VPC Endpoints use a VPC interface endpoint (note that Amazon S3 supports the VPC interface endpoint as well).

2.Which of the following AWS Support plans provide access to only core checks from the AWS Trusted Advisor Best Practice Checks?

A.AWS Basic Support
B.AWS Developer Support

3.Which AWS services can be used to facilitate organizational change management, part of the Reliability pillar of AWS Well-Architected Framework?

A.AWS Config
AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously monitors and records your AWS resource configurations and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configurations.

B.AWS CloudTrail
AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor, and retain account activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure.

c.Amazon CloudWatch:
Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring and observability service built for DevOps engineers, developers, site reliability engineers (SREs), and IT managers.

4.Compared to the on-demand instance prices, what is the highest possible discount offered for spot instances?

A.90

Amazon EC2 spot instances let you take advantage of unused EC2 capacity in the AWS cloud. Spot instances are available at up to a 90% discount compared to the on-demand instance prices. You can use spot instances for various stateless, fault-tolerant, or flexible applications such as big data, containerized workloads, CI/CD, web servers, high-performance computing (HPC), and other test & development workloads.

5.Which of the following entities applies patches to the underlying OS for Amazon Aurora?

A.The AWS Product Team automatically

Amazon Aurora is a MySQL and PostgreSQL-compatible relational database built for the cloud. Amazon Aurora is fully managed by Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), which automates time-consuming administration tasks like hardware provisioning, database setup, patching, and backups. The AWS Product team is responsible for applying patches to the underlying OS for AWS Aurora.
