1.Which of the following entities applies patches to the underlying OS for Amazon Aurora?

A.The AWS Product Team automatically

Amazon Aurora is a MySQL and PostgreSQL-compatible relational database built for the cloud. Amazon Aurora is fully managed by Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), which automates time-consuming administration tasks like hardware provisioning, database setup, patching, and backups. The AWS Product team is responsible for applying patches to the underlying OS for AWS Aurora.

2.A company wants to identify the optimal AWS resource configuration for its workloads so that the company can reduce costs and increase workload performance. Which of the following services can be used to meet this requirement?

A.AWS Compute Optimizer

AWS Compute Optimizer recommends optimal AWS resources for your workloads to reduce costs and improve performance by using machine learning to analyze historical utilization metrics. Over-provisioning resources can lead to unnecessary infrastructure costs, and under-provisioning resources can lead to poor application performance. Compute Optimizer helps you choose optimal configurations for three types of AWS resources: Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon EBS volumes, and AWS Lambda functions, based on your utilization data.
**
AWS Systems Manager -**

 AWS Systems Manager is the operations hub for AWS. Systems Manager provides a unified user interface so you can track and resolve operational issues across your AWS applications and resources from a central place. With Systems Manager, you can automate operational tasks for Amazon EC2 instances or Amazon RDS instances.

**AWS Budgets **

- AWS Budgets allows you to set custom budgets to track your cost and usage from the simplest to the most complex use cases. With AWS Budgets, you can choose to be alerted by email or SNS notification when actual or forecasted cost and usage exceed your budget threshold, or when your actual RI and Savings Plans' utilization or coverage drops below your desired threshold.

**AWS Cost Explorer **

- AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time. Cost Explorer Resource Rightsizing Recommendations and Compute Optimizer use the same recommendation engine.