1.Which of the following AWS services can be used to connect a company's  
  on-premises environment to a VPC without using the public internet?

A.AWS Direct Connect

AWS Direct Connect is a **cloud service solution that makes it easy to establish a dedicated network connection from your premises to AWS**. You can use AWS Direct Connect to establish a private virtual interface from your on-premise network directly to your Amazon VPC, providing you with a private, high bandwidth network connection between your network and your VPC. This connection is private and does not go over the public internet.

2.Which security service of AWS is enabled for all AWS customers, by      
  default, at no additional cost?

A.AWS Shield Standard

AWS Shield Standard defends against most common, frequently occurring network and transport layer DDoS attacks that target your website or applications. While AWS Shield Standard helps protect all AWS customers, you get better protection if you are using Amazon CloudFront and Amazon Route 53. All AWS customers benefit from the automatic protections of AWS Shield Standard, at no additional charge.

3.Which option is a common stakeholder role for the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF) platform perspective? 

A.Engineer

B.Chief Technology Officer (CTO)

The AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF) leverages AWS experience and best practices to help you digitally transform and accelerate your business outcomes through innovative use of AWS. AWS CAF identifies specific organizational capabilities that underpin successful cloud transformations. These capabilities provide best practice guidance that helps you improve your cloud readiness. AWS CAF groups its capabilities in six perspectives: Business, People, Governance, Platform, Security, and Operations.

4.Which of the following statements are CORRECT regarding the Availability Zone (AZ) specific characteristics of Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) and Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) storage types?

A.EBS volume can be attached to a single instance in the same Availability  
  Zone (AZ) whereas EFS file system can be mounted on instances across multiple Availability Zones (AZ).

5.Which type of cloud computing does Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) represent?

A.Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)

Cloud Computing can be broadly divided into three types - Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), Software as a Service (SaaS).

IaaS contains the basic building blocks for cloud IT. It typically provides access to networking features, computers (virtual or on dedicated hardware), and data storage space. IaaS gives the highest level of flexibility and management control over IT resources.

EC2 gives you full control over managing the underlying OS, virtual network configurations, storage, data and applications. So EC2 is an example of an IaaS service