1.Which of the following AWS services has encryption enabled by default?

A.**AWS CloudTrail Logs**

AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of your AWS account. AWS CloudTrail can be used to record AWS API calls and other activity for your AWS account and save the recorded information to log files in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket that you choose.

2.Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective option to purchase an EC2 Reserved Instance (RI)?

A.**Partial upfront payment option with standard 3-years term**

3.Which AWS service will help you receive alerts when the reservation utilization falls below the defined threshold?

A.**AWS Budgets**

AWS Budgets gives you the ability to set custom budgets that alert you when your costs or usage exceed (or are forecasted to exceed) your budgeted amount.

You can also use AWS Budgets to set reservation utilization or coverage targets and receive alerts when your utilization drops below the threshold you define. Reservation alerts are supported for Amazon EC2, Amazon RDS, Amazon Redshift, Amazon ElastiCache, and Amazon Elasticsearch reservations.

4.A financial services company wants to ensure that its AWS account activity meets the governance, compliance and auditing norms. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you recommend for this use-case?

A.**AWS CloudTrail**

5.Which of the following is a serverless AWS service?

A.AWS Lambda

AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time you consume. With Lambda, you can run code for virtually any type of application or backend service - all with zero administration. Just upload your code and Lambda takes care of everything required to run and scale your code with high availability.

