1.AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF) offers protection from common web exploits at which layer?

A.Layer 7

AWS WAF is a web application firewall that lets you monitor the HTTP and HTTPS requests that are forwarded to an Amazon API Gateway API, Amazon CloudFront or an Application Load Balancer. HTTP and HTTPS requests are part of the Application layer, which is layer 7.

2.Which AWS services can be used to decouple components of a microservices based application on AWS Cloud?

A.Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS)

Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) is a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications. Using SQS, you can send, store, and receive messages between software components at any volume, without losing messages or requiring other services to be available.

B.Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS)

Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) is a highly available, durable, secure, fully managed pub/sub messaging service that enables you to decouple microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications. Using Amazon SNS topics, your publisher systems can fan-out messages to a large number of subscriber endpoints for parallel processing, including Amazon SQS queues, AWS Lambda functions, and HTTP/S webhooks. Additionally, SNS can be used to fan out notifications to end users using mobile push, SMS, and email.

Therefore, both SNS and SQS can be used to decouple components of a microservices-based application.

3.According to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following are responsibilities of AWS?

A.According to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, AWS is responsible for "Security of the Cloud". This includes protecting the infrastructure that runs all of the services offered in the AWS Cloud. This infrastructure is composed of the hardware, software, networking, and facilities that run AWS Cloud services.

Replacing faulty hardware of Amazon EC2 instances - Replacing faulty hardware of Amazon EC2 instances comes under the infrastructure maintenance "of" the cloud. This is the responsibility of AWS.

Operating the infrastructure layer, the operating system and the platform for the Amazon S3 service - For abstracted services, such as Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB, AWS operates the infrastructure layer, the operating system, and platforms, and customers access the endpoints to store and retrieve data.

4.A company runs an application on a fleet of EC2 instances. The company wants to automate the traditional maintenance job of running timely assessments and checking for OS vulnerabilities. As a Cloud Practitioner, which service will you suggest for this use case?

A.Amazon Inspector

Amazon Inspector is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on your Amazon EC2 instances. Amazon Inspector automatically assesses applications for exposure, vulnerabilities, and deviations from best practices. After performing an assessment, Amazon Inspector produces a detailed list of security findings prioritized by level of severity. These findings can be reviewed directly or as part of detailed assessment reports which are available via the Amazon Inspector console or API.