1.Which of the following is CORRECT regarding removing an AWS account from AWS Organizations?

A.**The AWS account must be able to operate as a standalone account. Only then it can be removed from AWS organizations
**
You can remove an account from your organization only if the account has the information that is required for it to operate as a standalone account. For each account that you want to make standalone, you must accept the AWS Customer Agreement, choose a support plan, provide and verify the required contact information, and provide a current payment method. AWS uses the payment method to charge for any billable (not AWS Free Tier) AWS activity that occurs while the account isn't attached to an organization.

2.Which of the following is a benefit of using AWS managed services such as Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)?

A.The performance of AWS managed Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) instance is better than a customer-managed database instance

Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient and resizable capacity while automating time-consuming administration tasks such as hardware provisioning, database setup, patching, and backups.

Amazon RDS provides a selection of instance types optimized to fit different relational database use cases. Instance types comprise varying combinations of CPU, memory, storage, and networking capacity and give you the flexibility to choose the appropriate mix of resources for your database to optimize the database for your use-case by selecting the correct instance type and size.

3.A multi-national company has just moved its infrastructure from its on-premises data center to AWS Cloud. As part of the shared responsibility model, AWS is responsible for which of the following?

A.Physical and Environmental controls

As part of the shared responsibility model, Physical and Environmental controls are part of the inherited controls and hence these are the responsibility of AWS.

4.Which of the following are the storage services offered by the AWS Cloud?

A.**Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)**

Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is an object storage service that offers industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance.

**Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)**

Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) provides a simple, scalable, fully managed elastic NFS file system for use with AWS Cloud services and on-premises resources. It is built to scale on-demand to petabytes without disrupting applications, growing and shrinking automatically as you add and remove files, eliminating the need to provision and manage capacity to accommodate growth.

5.An intern at an IT company provisioned a Linux based On-demand EC2 instance with per-second billing but terminated it within 30 seconds as he wanted to provision another instance type. What is the duration for which the instance would be charged?

A.60 seconds

There is a one-minute minimum charge for Linux based EC2 instances, so this is the correct option.

6.Which tool/service will help you access AWS services using programming language-specific APIs?

A.AWS Software Developer Kit (SDK)

SDKs take the complexity out of coding by providing language-specific APIs for AWS services. For example, the AWS SDK for JavaScript simpliﬁes the use of AWS Services by providing a set of libraries that are consistent and familiar for JavaScript developers. It provides support for API lifecycle considerations such as credential management, retries, data marshaling, serialization, and deserialization. AWS SDKs are offered in several programming languages to make it simple for developers working on different programming and scripting languages. So, AWS SDK can help with using AWS services from within an application using language-specific APIs.

7.Which of the following AWS services should be used to automatically distribute incoming traffic across multiple targets?

A.AWS Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)

Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) is used to automatically distribute your incoming application traffic across all the EC2 instances that you are running. You can use Elastic Load Balancing to manage incoming requests by optimally routing traffic so that no one instance is overwhelmed. Your load balancer acts as a single point of contact for all incoming web traffic to your application. When an instance is added, it needs to register with the load balancer or no traffic is routed to it. When an instance is removed, it must deregister from the load balancer or traffic continues to be routed to it.