**Reserved instance:**

For certain services like Amazon EC2 and Amazon RDS, you can invest in reserved capacity. With Reserved Instances, you can save up to 72% over equivalent on-demand capacity. Reserved Instances are available in 3 options


**1.All up-front (AURI),** 

the larger the upfront payment, the greater the discount. To maximize your savings, you can pay all up-front and receive the largest discount. 

**2.partial up-front (PURI) **

Partial up-front RI's offer lower discounts but give you the option to spend less up front. 

**3.No upfront payments (NURI).**

Lastly, you can choose to spend nothing up front and receive a smaller discount, but allowing you to free up capital to spend in other projects.

By using reserved capacity, your organization can minimize risks, more predictably manage budgets, and comply with policies that require longer-term commitments.
**
=> A company wants to move to AWS cloud and release new features with quick iterations by utilizing relevant AWS services whenever required. Which of the following characteristics of AWS Cloud does it want to leverage?**

A.**Agility**

In the world of cloud computing, "Agility" refers to the ability to rapidly develop, test and launch software applications that drive business growth Another way to explain "Agility" - AWS provides a massive global cloud infrastructure that allows you to quickly innovate, experiment and iterate. Instead of waiting weeks or months for hardware, you can instantly deploy new applications. This ability is called Agility.



Elasticity - This refers to the ability to acquire resources as you need and release when they are no longer needed is termed as Elasticity of the Cloud.

Reliability - This refers to the ability of a system to recover from infrastructure or service disruptions, by dynamically acquiring computing resources to meet demand, and mitigate disruptions.

Scalability - Scalability is the measurement of a system's ability to grow to accommodate an increase in demand, or shrink down to a diminishing demand.