1.As per the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following is a responsibility of the customer from a security and compliance point of view?

A.**Managing patches of the guest operating system on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)**

Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility between AWS and the customer. This shared model can help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS operates, manages, and controls the components from the host operating system and virtualization layer down to the physical security of the facilities in which the service operates.

2.Which of the following AWS services is essential for implementing security of resources in AWS Cloud?

A.**AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)**

AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables you to manage access to AWS services and resources securely. Using IAM, you can create and manage AWS users and groups, and use permissions to allow and deny their access to AWS resources. IAM enables security best practices by allowing you to grant unique security credentials to users and groups to specify which AWS service APIs and resources they can access. These features make IAM an important service for the overall security of AWS resources in your account. IAM is secure by default; users have no access to AWS resources until permissions are explicitly granted.

3.The AWS Well-Architected Framework provides guidance on building cloud based applications using AWS best practices. Which of the following options are the pillars mentioned in the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

**A.Reliability

B.Cost Optimization**

The AWS Well-Architected Framework provides guidance on building secure, high-performing, resilient, and efficient infrastructure for cloud based applications. Based on six pillars — operational excellence, security, reliability, performance efficiency, cost optimization and sustainability — the Framework provides a consistent approach for customers and partners to evaluate architectures, and implement designs that will scale over time.

4.A company is using a message broker service on its on-premises application and wants to move this messaging functionality to AWS Cloud. Which of the following AWS services is the right choice to move the existing functionality easily?


**A.Amazon MQ**

Amazon MQ is a managed message broker service for Apache ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ that makes it easy to set up and operate message brokers on AWS. Amazon MQ reduces your operational responsibilities by managing the provisioning, setup, and maintenance of message brokers for you. Because Amazon MQ connects to your current applications with industry-standard APIs and protocols, you can easily migrate to AWS without having to rewrite code.