Which of the following AWS services are global in scope?

**A.AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM)

B. Amazon CloudFront**

AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM) enables you to manage access to AWS services and resources securely.

Most of the services that AWS offers are Region specific. But few services, by definition, need to be in a global scope because of the underlying service they offer. AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM), Amazon CloudFront, Amazon Route 53 and AWS Web Application Firewall (AWS WAF) are some of the global service

Which AWS service publishes up-to-the-minute information on the general status and availability of all AWS services in all the Regions of AWS Cloud?

A.AWS Health Dashboard - service health

AWS Health Dashboard - service health is the single place to learn about the availability and operations of AWS services. You can view the overall status of AWS services, and you can sign in to view personalized communications about your particular AWS account or organization.

Which characteristic of Cloud Computing imparts the ability to acquire resources as you need and release when you no longer need them?

A.**Elasticity**

The ability to acquire resources as you need and release when they are no longer needed is termed as Elasticity of the Cloud. With cloud computing, you don’t have to over-provision resources upfront to handle peak levels of business activity in the future. Instead, you provision the number of resources that you need. You can scale these resources up or down instantly to grow and shrink capacity as your business needs change.


A company is using a message broker service on its on-premises application and wants to move this messaging functionality to AWS Cloud. Which of the following AWS services is the right choice to move the existing functionality easily?

A.Amazon MQ

Amazon MQ is a managed message broker service for Apache ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ that makes it easy to set up and operate message brokers on AWS. Amazon MQ reduces your operational responsibilities by managing the provisioning, setup, and maintenance of message brokers for you. Because Amazon MQ connects to your current applications with industry-standard APIs and protocols, you can easily migrate to AWS without having to rewrite code.