1.Which of the following AWS services is essential for implementing security of resources in AWS Cloud?

A.**AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)**

IAM enables security best practices by allowing you to grant unique security credentials to users and groups to specify which AWS service APIs and resources they can access.

2.Multi-AZ deployment is an example of which of the following?

**A.High Availability**

A system that is available is capable of delivering the designed functionality at a given point in time. Highly available systems are those that can withstand some measure of degradation while still remaining available. On AWS Cloud, you can run instances for an application in a multi-AZ deployment to achieve High Availability.

3.A data analytics company stores its data on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) and wants to do SQL based analysis on this data with minimum effort. As a Cloud Practitioner, which of the following AWS services will you suggest for this use case?

**A.Amazon Athena**

Amazon Athena is an interactive query service that makes it easy to analyze data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL. Amazon Athena is serverless, so there is no infrastructure to manage, and you pay only for the queries that you run.

4.An organization is planning to move its infrastructure from the on-premises datacenter to AWS Cloud. As a Cloud Practioner, which options would you recommend so that the organization can identify the right AWS services to build solutions on AWS Cloud?

**A.AWS Service Catalog **

AWS Service Catalog allows organizations to create and manage catalogs of IT services that are approved for use on AWS. These IT services can include everything from virtual machine images, servers, software, and databases to complete multi-tier application architectures.

**B.AWS Partner Network (APN)**

Organizations can take help from the AWS Partner Network (APN) to identify the right AWS services to build solutions on AWS Cloud. AWS Partner Network (APN) is the global partner program for technology and consulting businesses that leverage Amazon Web Services to build solutions and services for customers.