1.The AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF) recommends four iterative and incremental cloud transformation phases. Which cloud transformation journey phase of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF) focuses on demonstrating how the cloud will help accelerate your business outcomes?

A.**Envision**

The Envision phase of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS CAF) focuses on demonstrating how the cloud will help accelerate your business outcomes.

**Align**:focus on identifying capability,identifying cross-organizational    
          dependencies,surfacing stakeholder concerns and challenges.

**scale**:expanding production pilots and business value to desired scale 
          and ensuring that the business benefits associated with your cloud investments are realized and sustained.
**Launch **:The Launch phase of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (AWS         
            CAF)focuses on delivering pilot initiatives in production and on demonstrating incremental business value.

2.The AWS Well-Architected Framework provides guidance on building cloud based applications using AWS best practices. Which of the following options are the pillars mentioned in the AWS Well-Architected Framework?

**A.Reliability

B.Cost Optimization**

The AWS Well-Architected Framework provides guidance on building secure, high-performing, resilient, and efficient infrastructure for cloud based applications. 

=> Based on six pillars — operational excellence, security, reliability, performance efficiency, cost optimization and sustainability.

3.A retail company has multiple AWS accounts for each of its departments. Which of the following AWS services can be used to set up consolidated billing and a single payment method for these AWS accounts?

**A.AWS Organizations **

It helps you to centrally manage billing; control access, compliance, and security; and share resources across your AWS accounts. Using AWS Organizations, you can automate account creation, create groups of accounts to reflect your business needs, and apply policies for these groups for governance. You can also simplify billing by setting up a single payment method for all of your AWS accounts.

4.Which of the following options can be used to access and manage all AWS services

A.AWS services can be accessed in three different ways:

**AWS Management Console**

This is a simple web interface for accessing AWS services.

**AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)**

You can access AWS services from the command line and automate service management with scripts.

**AWS Software Development Kit (SDK)**

You can also access via AWS SDK that provides language-specific abstracted APIs for AWS services.

5.The engineering team at an IT company wants to monitor the CPU utilization for its fleet of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances and send an email to the administrator if the utilization exceeds 80%. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS services would you recommend to build this solution?

A.Amazon CloudWatch 
 
 Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring and observability service built for DevOps engineers, developers, site reliability engineers (SREs), and IT managers. CloudWatch provides data and actionable insights to monitor applications, respond to system-wide performance changes, optimize resource utilization, and get a unified view of operational health. You can create an CloudWatch alarm that sends an email message using Amazon SNS when the alarm changes state from OK to ALARM. The alarm changes to the ALARM state when the average CPU use of an EC2 instance exceeds a specified threshold for consecutive specified periods.

B.Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) 

 Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) is a highly available, durable, secure, fully managed pub/sub messaging service that enables you to decouple microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications.