1.A startup runs its proprietary application on docker containers. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you recommend so that the startup can run containers and still have access to the underlying servers?

A.**Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)**

Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) is a highly scalable, fast, container management service that makes it easy to run, stop, and manage Docker containers on a cluster.

2.Which of the following are recommended best practices for AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM) service?

A.**Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA)** for all users

AWS recommends that you require multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all users in your account. With multi-factor authentication (MFA), users have a device that generates a response to an authentication challenge. Both the user's credentials and the device-generated response are required to complete the sign-in process.

B.**Rotate credentials regularly**

AWS recommends that you change your own passwords and access keys regularly, and make sure that all IAM users in your account do as well. That way, if a password or access key is compromised without your knowledge, you limit how long the credentials can be used to access your resources. You can apply a password policy to your account to require all your IAM users to rotate their passwords.

3.A startup has just moved its IT infrastructure to AWS Cloud. The CTO would like to receive detailed reports that break down the startup's AWS costs by the hour in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket. As a Cloud Practitioner, which AWS service would you recommend for this use-case?

A.**AWS Cost & Usage Report (AWS CUR)**

AWS Cost & Usage Report (AWS CUR) contains the most comprehensive set of cost and usage data available. You can use AWS Cost & Usage Report (AWS CUR) to publish your AWS billing reports to an Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket that you own. You can receive reports that break down your costs by the hour or month, by product or product resource, or by tags that you define yourself.


4.AWS Lambda pricing is based on which of the following criteria?

A.**Number of requests for the AWS Lambda function**

B.**The time it takes for the AWS Lambda function to execute**

AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. With AWS Lambda, you can run code for virtually any type of application or backend service - all with zero administration. Just upload your code and Lambda takes care of everything required to run and scale your code with high availability.

With AWS Lambda, you pay only for what you use. You are charged based on the number of requests for your functions and the duration, the time it takes for your code to execute.

5.Which of the following are components of an AWS Site-to-Site VPN?

A.**Virtual private gateway (VGW)**

B.**Customer gateway**

AWS Site-to-Site VPN enables you to securely connect your on-premises network or branch office site to your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC). VPN Connections are a good solution if you have an immediate need, and have low to modest bandwidth requirements. This connection goes over the public internet. Virtual private gateway (VGW) / Transit Gateway and Customer Gateway are the components of an AWS Site-to-Site VPN.

A virtual private gateway (VGW) is the VPN concentrator on the Amazon side of the AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection. A customer gateway is a resource in AWS that provides information to AWS about your Customer gateway device.