1.Which AWS service can help you create data-driven business cases for transitioning your business from on-premises to AWS Cloud?

A.AWS Migration Evaluator

AWS Migration Evaluator (Formerly TSO Logic) is a complimentary service to create data-driven business cases for AWS Cloud planning and migration.

AWS Migration Evaluator quickly provides a business case to make sound AWS planning and migration decisions. With AWS Migration Evaluator, your organization can build a data-driven business case for AWS, gets access to AWS expertise, visibility into the costs associated with multiple migration strategies, and insights on how reusing existing software licensing reduces costs further.

2.A medical device company is looking for a durable and cost-effective way of storing their historic data. Due to compliance requirements, the data must be stored for 10 years. Which AWS Storage solution will you suggest?

Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive

Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive is Amazon S3’s lowest-cost storage class and supports long-term retention and digital preservation for data that may be accessed once or twice in a year. It is designed for customers — particularly those in highly-regulated industries, such as the Financial Services, Healthcare, and Public Sectors — that retain data sets for 7-10 years or longer to meet regulatory compliance requirements. Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive can also be used for backup and disaster recovery use cases. It has a retrieval time (first byte latency) of 12 to 48 hours.

3.AWS Trusted Advisor analyzes your AWS environment and provides best practice recommendations for which of the following categories?

A.Cost Optimization

B.Service Limits

AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides real-time guidance to help provision your resources following AWS best practices. Whether establishing new workflows, developing applications, or as part of ongoing improvement, recommendations provided by Trusted Advisor on a regular basis help keep your solutions provisioned optimally. AWS Trusted Advisor analyzes your AWS environment and provides best practice recommendations in five categories: Cost Optimization, Performance, Security, Fault Tolerance, Service Limits.

4.Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework recommends maintaining infrastructure as code (IaC)?

A.Operational Excellence

The AWS Well-Architected Framework helps you understand the pros and cons of decisions you make while building systems on AWS. By using the Framework you will learn architectural best practices for designing and operating reliable, secure, efficient, and cost-effective systems in the cloud. It provides a way for you to consistently measure your architectures against best practices and identify areas for improvement.