1.AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM) policies are written as JSON documents. Which of the following are mandatory elements of an IAM policy?

A.Effect, Action

Most policies are stored in AWS as JSON documents. Identity-based policies and policies used to set permissions boundaries are JSON policy documents that you attach to a user or role. Resource-based policies are JSON policy documents that you attach to a resource.

A JSON policy document includes these elements:

Optional policy-wide information at the top of the document
One or more individual statements
Each statement includes information about a single permission. The information in a statement is contained within a series of elements.

2.Which AWS service can be used to execute code triggered by new files being uploaded to Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)?

A.AWS Lambda

AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time you consume. With AWS Lambda, you can run code for virtually any type of application or backend service - all with zero administration. Just upload your code and Lambda takes care of everything required to run and scale your code with high availability.

3.Which AWS service can be used as an in-memory database with high-performance and low latency?

A.Amazon ElastiCache

Amazon ElastiCache allows you to seamlessly set up, run, and scale popular open-Source compatible in-memory data stores in the cloud. Build data-intensive apps or boost the performance of your existing databases by retrieving data from high throughput and low latency in-memory data stores. Amazon ElastiCache is a popular choice for real-time use cases like Caching, Session Stores, Gaming, Geospatial Services, Real-Time Analytics, and Queuing. ElastiCache cannot be used for online analytical processing.

4.Which of the following Cloud Computing models does the 'gmail' service represent?

A.Software as a service (SaaS)

Software as a Service (SaaS) provides you with a complete product that is run and managed by the service provider. With a Software as a Service (SaaS) offering, you don’t have to think about how the service is maintained or how the underlying infrastructure is managed. You only need to think about how you will use that particular software. Gmail is an example of Software as a Service (SaaS).

5.Which AWS services support High Availability by default?

A.Amazon DynamoDB

Amazon DynamoDB is a key-value and document database that delivers single-digit millisecond performance at any scale. It's a fully managed, multi-Region, multi-master, durable database with built-in security, backup and restore, and in-memory caching for internet-scale applications. All of your data is stored on solid-state disks (SSDs) and is automatically replicated across multiple Availability Zones (AZ) in an AWS Region, providing built-in high availability and data durability.