1.Which AWS service can be used as an in-memory database with high-performance and low latency?

A.**Amazon ElastiCache**

Amazon ElastiCache allows you to seamlessly set up, run, and scale popular open-Source compatible in-memory data stores in the cloud. Build data-intensive apps or boost the **performance of your existing databases by retrieving data from high **throughput and low latency in-memory data stores.

2.A customer is running a comparative study of pricing models of Amazon EFS and Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) that are used with the Amazon EC2 instances that host the application. Which of the following statements are correct regarding this use-case?

A.**You will pay a fee each time you read from or write data stored on the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) - Infrequent Access storage class**

Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) - Infrequent Access storage class is cost-optimized for files accessed less frequently. Data stored on the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) - Infrequent Access storage class costs less than Standard and you will pay a fee each time you read from or write to a file.

**Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Snapshots are stored incrementally, which means you are billed only for the changed blocks stored**

Amazon EBS Snapshots are a point in time copy of your block data. For the first snapshot of a volume, Amazon EBS saves a full copy of your data to Amazon S3. Amazon EBS Snapshots are stored incrementally, which means you are billed only for the changed blocks stored.

3.Which budget types can be created under AWS Budgets?

A.**Cost budget** - Helps you plan how much you want to spend on a service.

**Usage budget** - Helps you plan how much you want to use one or more services.

**Reservation budget** - This helps you track the usage of your Reserved Instances 

4.Question 42
Correct
An IT company has deployed a static website on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), but the website is still inaccessible. As a Cloud Practioner, which of the following solutions would you suggest to address this issue?

A.**Fix the Amazon S3 bucket policy**

To host a static website on Amazon S3, you configure an Amazon S3 bucket for website hosting and then upload your website content to the bucket. When you configure a bucket as a static website, you must enable website hosting, set permissions, and create and add an index document.